README.md, before:

# EnterpriseProject

## University Name: http://www.sjsu.edu/ 
## Course: Enterprise SW Platform
## Professor: Andrew Bond
## Student: 
## Anupama Kurudi - https://www.linkedin.com/in/anupamakn/
## Gunjan Srivastava - https://www.linkedin.com/in/gunjan-android
## Shivam Tomar - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shivam-tomar/)

## Problem 
Enterprises have a diverse group of employees from different backgrounds, all of them possessing a wide range of skill sets. Employees can learn a skill they lack, or teach a skill they possess, from/to a fellow employee. Enterprises often overlook utilizing this self-learning “skill-sharing” opportunity. Having a platform to utilize this opportunity can lead to a more proficient,well-rounded and close-knit workforce. Such a platform, where the employees teach or learn skills from each other is missing to the best of our knowledge.

## Solution 
FindMeABuddy is an enterprise software platform where employees of a company come together as a community to help each other learn skills. These skills could range anywhere from learning programming languages, coding or learning a new tool - to - driving, guitar classes or learning, yoga etc.
Employees can register, login and create a profile with details such as name, designation, department, skills they are willing to teach and skills they are looking for or interested to learn. Employees can create a session/class with title, timings and brief description on what is being offered in the class.

## Technologies Used
 
AWS for setting up infrastructure
HTML, Javascript,CSS
Bootstrap
Node.js
AWS Cognito
S3 
DynamoDB
Lambda Functions
API Gateway
EC2 Instance
Route 53 for DNS
Network safety Group
AWS VPC
Github actions

## Feature List
SSO Registration, Verification and Login 
Admin Portal - Special controls
Add / Delete Category
User Dashboard - Employee profile
Create Activities - Offer a skill / create a group activity
FindActivities - filter activities based on Categories
Enroll - sign up for an activity
Dis-enroll - Leave an activity
Create and delete an activity
Logout and login as a different user
CI Pipeline

## Pre-requisites Set Up
## AWS resources required
" AWS Account
"	Amazon Cognito
"	Amazon DynamoDB
"	AWS EC2 
"	Amazon Cloudwatch
"	Amazon SNS
"	API Gateway
"	Lambda Functions
"	S3

## Admin Portal

The admin will have the following functionalities on this portal: 

1. View List of Users
2. Delete a user
3. Add a category
4. Delete a category

Test User: gunjan.srivastava@sjsu.edu
Password: Gunjan@123

## User Dashboard

User dashboard is craeted for all the users who successfully logs into he website.

1. user can create new activities
2. view all the activities that he has previously created
3. dis enroll for the activities he as signed up for
4. Find new activities
5. enroll for new activities
6. Delete the activities create by the user

## Code implementation
   Admin Portal and user dashboard have been implemented using javascript, html, bootstrap  and css as a frontend and node.js as the backend. Dynamo DB is used to store and retrieve the user data and create and manage categories and activities created within the categories. The portal is deployed on Amazon EC2 instance. All the user profile images have ben saved in S3 and services are accessed using API Gateways and lambda functions.
   
## Analytics

CloudWatch and CloudTrail are used for analytics and tracking the API

Commit message:

Added Skillshare infra Intro to the readme.

README.md, after:

# EnterpriseProject

## University Name: http://www.sjsu.edu/ 
## Course: Enterprise SW Platform
## Professor: Andrew Bond
## Student: 
## Anupama Kurudi - https://www.linkedin.com/in/anupamakn/
## Gunjan Srivastava - https://www.linkedin.com/in/gunjan-android
## Shivam Tomar - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shivam-tomar/)
## Krishna Jha

## Problem 
Enterprises have a diverse group of employees from different backgrounds, all of them possessing a wide range of skill sets. Employees can learn a skill they lack, or teach a skill they possess, from/to a fellow employee. Enterprises often overlook utilizing this self-learning “skill-sharing” opportunity. Having a platform to utilize this opportunity can lead to a more proficient,well-rounded and close-knit workforce. Such a platform, where the employees teach or learn skills from each other is missing to the best of our knowledge.

## Solution 
FindMeABuddy is an enterprise software platform where employees of a company come together as a community to help each other learn skills. These skills could range anywhere from learning programming languages, coding or learning a new tool - to - driving, guitar classes or learning, yoga etc.
Employees can register, login and create a profile with details such as name, designation, department, skills they are willing to teach and skills they are looking for or interested to learn. Employees can create a session/class with title, timings and brief description on what is being offered in the class.

## Technologies Used
 
AWS for setting up infrastructure
HTML, Javascript,CSS
Bootstrap
Node.js
AWS Cognito
S3 
DynamoDB
Lambda Functions
API Gateway
EC2 Instance
Route 53 for DNS
Network safety Group
AWS VPC
Github actions

## Feature List
SSO Registration, Verification and Login 
Admin Portal - Special controls
Add / Delete Category
User Dashboard - Employee profile
Create Activities - Offer a skill / create a group activity
FindActivities - filter activities based on Categories
Enroll - sign up for an activity
Dis-enroll - Leave an activity
Create and delete an activity
Logout and login as a different user
CI Pipeline

## Pre-requisites Set Up
## AWS resources required
" AWS Account
"	Amazon Cognito
"	Amazon DynamoDB
"	AWS EC2 
"	Amazon Cloudwatch
"	Amazon SNS
"	API Gateway
"	Lambda Functions
"	S3

## Skillshare Infra
Skillshare Continuous Delivery process that used to automate whole K8s release workflow, including managing configuration changes of a K8s Deployment, deployments of code changes, managing Dockerfile updates, building Docker images and pushing them to the Docker registry, applying new images on your K8s cluster, Stack used are
Jenkins Server, DockerHub, Docker, Terraform, Ansible , Kubernetes EKS (Kubectl | K8 Continues deploy | K8 Credentials).

## Admin Portal

The admin will have the following functionalities on this portal: 

1. View List of Users
2. Delete a user
3. Add a category
4. Delete a category

Test User: gunjan.srivastava@sjsu.edu
Password: Gunjan@123

## User Dashboard

User dashboard is craeted for all the users who successfully logs into he website.

1. user can create new activities
2. view all the activities that he has previously created
3. dis enroll for the activities he as signed up for
4. Find new activities
5. enroll for new activities
6. Delete the activities create by the user

## Code implementation
   Admin Portal and user dashboard have been implemented using javascript, html, bootstrap  and css as a frontend and node.js as the backend. Dynamo DB is used to store and retrieve the user data and create and manage categories and activities created within the categories. The portal is deployed on Amazon EC2 instance. All the user profile images have ben saved in S3 and services are accessed using API Gateways and lambda functions.
   
## Analytics

CloudWatch and CloudTrail are used for analytics and tracking the API
